Often the objective of an advertising campaign is to solve a marketing problem described in the supposition section of the strategy. The problem stems from the misconception or ignorance about either the product or the service itself, or the entire product category / market that it is in. E.g. Roses should also be bought by women for themselves. Levis Jeans are still cool. This is not necessarily the consumers fault. It could be a problem with the way the product is being used, targeted, packaged, distributed or even advertised. Or simply that the competition is being seen as better. The role of the new advertising is to solve the problem by adressing and even reversing these misunderstandings. In turn this creates greater product and or greater market awareness. In simple business terms, this results in selling more items to more people to make more money. And if you are advertising and marketing a new product instead of a current one, as outlined above, these will be specific problems to solve too, including the basic, need to get noticed and make money. In a brief, often an agency will simply use the phrase ( Following up on the question in the supposition): What do we want them (consumers) to think, feel (and therefore do)? A client can calcualate how to maximize product revenue through strategic advertising by applying a method called Binary briefing. Binary is where something is definded as either a 0 or a 1 (or rather, one thing or another), Binary briefing helps to define the creative brief (strategy) of a particular product/service by answering four key binary questions. In other words, each question has two possible answers, whereby you can only choose ONE and never Both. Armed with these answerw, a client can better assess the strategy that will produce the greatest number of sales. The questions are:

* Brand share vs. marked growth
* Trial vs. b existing users
* Usp vs. Branding
* Logic vs. mnemonic

En mikilvægast af öllu er að kafa djúpt í markaðshegðun. T.d. er augljóst hvert vandamál Blóðbanka er? Það er að of fáir gefa blóð. Því er markmiðið að fleiri gefi blóð. En þá þarf að spyrja áfram, hvað stendur í vegi fyrir því að of fáir gefi blóð? Það getur verið hræðsla við sprautur, kæruleysi varðandi þjáningar annara. vesenið og tíminn sem fer í að gefa blóð. Með því að stilla einhverju af þessu upp sem vandamáli/verkefni sem hægt er að leysa er lykillinn að því að skapa skýra strategíu og velheppnaða herferð.<br>
Dæmi um skemmtilega lausn er t.d herferð þar sem sársauki nálarstungunnar er líkt við við ýmsa litla daglega sársauka sem við megum þola daglega en höfum ekki myndað með okkur jafn mikla hræðslu á.<br>
Það að setja auglýsinga verkefnið upp sem vandamál gerir það að verkum að hugurinn fer stax í þann ham að finna lausnir og lætur mann leggja meira á sig til þess að leysa það.